1)

Hi all, sorry for the long silence. I'm thinking about my solution(s). I have a lot of sections within the brain's database walked through. 
I selected one kind and thought about it for years because it has (had) such peculiarities.
So this one has 6700 facts with a 'ceiling' at the top that i do not understand. 
So i figured that we do it in classes of 40 and in combinations of 3, 2 or 1 forty for a class.
I'm not sure that everyone has it the same, 
like the different personalities we have (after some generations this changes (i.e. more accessible forms of intelligence (intuition versus sensitivity and later on, both)).. 
So i figured out that we have colors for representing unconsciousnesses with special privileges and that one of those has to be invented by walking through the right language 
(as if the world waits for people to get through these systems first). 
The lacking one is about 'giving'. 
Whilst (i found this out myself) receiving (positive stuff) is rare or not known to most humanity in terms of ready representing unconsciousnesses that can oversee. 
I think our world is designed by our brains and by the phenomena that are related to that. 
I.e.: recursion for example and if you found something new, the brain adds it to the database. 
Or, make it so easy in terms of quantifiability by saying: removing all the quality of some intelligent concept like number systems and when you are done with it,
you let the unconscious add all the dimensions that are needed (like applying all the zero's to equations)..   
So my first step was: To try out typing what you have inside, and if this goes well, try out typing on the same level something relevant.. 
As a check: 107 is introversion and 106 extravert. And 206 is differentiating for instantaneous speed/ acceleration whilst 205 is about velocity.
Each forty can be understood per forty. There are a lot of representation systems here. 
We have, silver, bronze, platinum, and gold. (forty, forty twenty (gold)), 10 silver, 5, 5 bronze, Platina 101-120.  

So i think it is about double checks first. I already did  a lot of orienting already.

2) 
Silver    telaan      left shine          blue
Bronse    Human       right pelvis        yellow    
Platinum  Telin         right shine       black or white
Gold      Leader(boy)     left pelvis     red


Some building blocks within cognition arent utilized. Such that these genes stay away and the world has to do without it. 
I.e. when you want to reason something, you have to do hard work to aquire the best possible worlds.
It can be hard to accept that some genes do not develop because the foundations are not there for use.
Complete wars are fought because people cannot relate. Multiple parties run their own route and become mortal enemies or holocaust victims or criminals.


Modal Logic Ext. (18 parts (how to fold)**)
Necessity 
Possibility ==> gene off, (color blue)
Quinian
Carrying (in math/philosophy/logic?)

Something necessary might not be possible. Moon before the sun. Thus the sun cannot be seen because 'to see the son' is neccesary but not possible.

(18 levels, first one: silver)..

Mod

Try (what it is underneath)
In logic: Necessity.
In proof: red and yellow (stands for).


Mod

To walk things through and activate genes is necessary for the world to acquire its potential because some cultures miss out what other cultures left aside when cultures took other cultures in.

**Only lane.

Male 5 powers :: Eliptic curve =>lanelin linlane then lane lane stripe (no lin), becomes elliptic curve within the imagination.
female 4 mights :: modular form 
Top down
Bottom Up



3)
White red
black blue
yellow green
white black


Organs and colors: 
Religion: colors.

4) Chakras
within red      function =>
within yellow   function =>
within blue     function =>

Sideward (dao): 
green (1), 
light blue(2), 
blue(3) 

and for all of these left and right of it 


5) Loving kindness and telane levels (eyes)

{
Yellow consciousness god
White angel 
Black demon
}
One lane: all eight deep, lips.

{
red
}

{
blue 
blue
}

More lane
{
for all
for together
}

5 platina
{
3, 1, 2 
}(123 lane)


--
Learn, Do, Try : White at four
red and blue at Five
Six Yellow
Seven black

Blue is not normal, had to be compiled. Giving.

All represented by a bird.

--



